docs(gen): tutorials review 2025-07-16 (#5289)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/s3cmd/index.mdx

    ```bash
    nano .s3cfg
    ```

> 3. Copy and paste the following text into the file, then save and close. Make sure you use the `host_base`, `host_bucket`, and `bucket_location` details of your own bucket (visible in the **Bucket settings** tab of the console). You will also need to replace `<ACCESS_KEY>` and `<SECRET_KEY>` with your [own API credentials](/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Paste the following text into the file, save your changes, and exit. Make sure you use the `host_base`, `host_bucket`, and `bucket_location` details of your own bucket (visible in the **Bucket settings** tab of the console). You will also need to replace `<ACCESS_KEY>` and `<SECRET_KEY>` with your [own API credentials](/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/).
```

    ```bash
    s3cmd setcors cors.xml s3://bucketname
    ```
    <Message type="note">

>       You can also manage CORS settings directly in the Scaleway console under the ‘Bucket Settings’ tab, which is often easier than using XML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can also manage CORS settings directly in the Scaleway console under the **Bucket Settings** tab, which is often easier than using XML files.
```
